Damn, The Smiths spoke for the entire human race when they wrote :" I was looking for a job, and then I found a job and heaven knows I'm miserable now"
Baby, I don't know why we fighting, could it be that you like it so much when we make up?
When Harry said, "ain't gonna sleep till the daylight," he was talking about me.
When he says" you don't have to be sorry for leaving and growing up you can see the world following the season," it makes me think so much about what's coming in a couple of months.
When maneskin said," she'll never love you more than money," I really felt that.
When it expires, that will probably be the end of my ath pop era.
If they don't put in the Higgs fire, the kitchen part, and when they prick Ben to Heartstopper then what's the point of having two more seasons.
I miss being the type of person that when he is hungry, he eats a pot.
The voice when he says" it's enough to make a girl blush," Omg!
And since when does McDonald's sell spicy nuggets?
Y'all don't appreciate the debut album, but I'm going to want to see them when Taylor's version comes out and we hear Taylor actually say:' there's nothing stopping me from going out with all of your best friends.
Ideal approach when planning projects in NFTs.
Congratulations to Dianita and of course to her mom too.
Ayyyy 'You don't care about me' I love it too.
I can read the room too.
Cowboy Bebop too, pure jewels in its soundtrack.
Yep, and to be honest, in suicide squad too.
God, I had forgotten that in my Senior quote I put,“ they told me high school was going to go by fast but I didn’t know it was going to go by in a zoom.”
I know I tagged him and that he was likely to see it but I WASN'T EXPECTING HIM TO ACTUALLY SEE IT and react.
There was not a more horrible outfit perhaps.
Same, I had prepared the outfits already.
Dude sameeeeee I didn't even know until Leslie posted last night and I googled it, but it had already happened.
What about Morbius when he gets morbid?
I love you too, sorry I don't watch anime.
Taehyung is fashion and funny, he is also so beautiful and so dreamy, he is my cute golden boy!
Their churros are good too.
I thought bad bunny was dead, don't ever do that again tweeter.
I had already forgotten about halftime, but I'll definitely be watching this.
I spend like 7 min doing it, copying what was on Spotify, but thanks instagram.
It happened ... I hit my pen during a zoom meeting , it can't be.
You can make me yours any day of the week.
Krusty state of mind when eating a Krusty Burger.
Keep letting my struggle be your main topic, but when it's your turn, chew and swallow.
Top 3 physical pains i’ve felt: When you gave me appendicitis, hincones of ectopic pregnancy please die, period cramps PLUS an UTI at the same time, like what?
When he said, " I'm the bitch that's playing harder in this fucking game," I really felt that .
It makes me angry when someone other than me talks about Harry, like, shut up, you don't like him in the same way I do.
That kiss made me feel complete, and I don't need more ,and I don't need more than you, more than that smile, that made me smile when I needed it most.
It's also the first time I use it, but okay it didn't work instantly.
Taehyung is so beautiful and perfect, he is a jewel, a jewel and he is also funny.
I had thought there is always a new dawn.
Indeed, within the colony itself there was center and periphery.
The way I had deleted her halftime performance from my memory, please.
I had forgotten the remix of drunk in love, be right back.
Oh, I don't know why I haven't seen this video, it 's so silly and adorable oh, Rin and Len you're everything to me.
I'm begging my second ex to block me while my first ex unblocked me,this can’t be, just leave me alone!
It has mommy issues.
Wow ,Sonic Unleashed has tremendous bangers.
It takes more than that to say si se puede!
It can't be ,this makes me so happy.
Little freak has One Direction vibes, change my mind.
Today's weather: I can't give you a 0 so I give you ... a 1 (because of the cool breeze ).
God, The Neighborhood makes me hot and sad at the same time.
I hadn’t seen the can, I never realized she was holding a plate of corn in this scene.
At this point, mycoplasma is whooping my ass, she had never been so sick.
I see Nico di Angelo and my brain goes brrrrrr, I want to draw him and now nobody can stop me.
Coffee and networking time at Controller Day 22.
Let me know if I should stay here for a long time, please.
Overthinking all the time.
I went from being at coleaderos jaripeos all the time to not going 2 years in a row.
I've got this, calmly , with time, everything will work out.
I answered the same thing, totally pick me girl vibes coming through, or even worsen 'cool girl'.
Because my mom wouldn't leave my ass alone since first grade so I could write in cursive.
Mirror' by Kendrick gives me string vibes to the Black Panther album that Kendrick also participated in.
I got in within 3 minutes and there was nothing.
I saw you posted this earlier and I was a random and had not heard of the cases so I just made a mini thread on it, please don't worry.
Please look after me, it can't be.
To the girl who wanted me to roll down my windows, I'm sorry , my truck is old, you can't .
Not gon na lie, I'm really going through it and I hate admitting it, but I think I just reached my breaking point, but there is a God that I know he has something for me.
You realize it's only a matter of time before we start yelling, "NOTHING WAKES YOU UP LIKE WAKING UP ALONE."
When you say you have a firecracker in your ass , don't worry the same thing happens to me.
Done, now follow back.
Now in 2022 they are the best best best friends.
That 's right, like bruh, I don't even want to look back at my tweets.
I have a hard time choosing outfits now.
Here again with my bestie, see you later.
Sarah Finn after binge-watching the series: hell yeah that's some Namor - ass chaotic energy..
‘After the Beach' about to be the new ‘Softly.'
6'2 queen wasn't going to breathe the same air of no short play girl .
Before I was a girl 4.00 smart girl with big dreams , now I'm just a girl .
Now I'm loonatic (orbit) radical & everybody say thank you to my girlfriend, the gayest person ever.
I need the next episode now!
After we agreed to stay friends and nothing more , cock block.
Me after teaching 'dance the night away' in class mode, why am I the only one who's popping my fucking pussy right now.
Imagine when you have a human.
When I get my dreadlocks, it's over for you bitches.
For some reason it is always the context that we were in some kind of giant inflatable house or something — like, you know the little tower that was in the playground the fast foods like Burger King, where you had to like climb by going up a floor ?
I feel light-headed, I hadn't realized how much.
You guys do n't understand how personal this is to me .
It ca n't be , this is my joker .
What do you mean , obviously you can , you just got ta try enough .
The correlation surpasses your feeble mind , what can you do buddy .
Tomorrow can not be .
Couple shoes with my mom can be so cute .
The wacho has me in love .
Do you have a boyfriend ?
Wow ... but , damn , how time flies !
Made myself breakfast tacos , now to work .
The amount of times I heard ' after the beach ' at the beach yesterday was crazy .
Let the homie live , Carnal !
He was just reminding her that he 's about that action after the game .
Still a gay statement even if it 's literal ...
It 's time to bring out all my island puti clothes even though I 'm not on the Island .
Although i was right .
The girl in front of me is watching ' The Vampire Diaries ' and doing homework at the same time and it's a mood .
Sorry Hikaru that 's my wife now .
Currently in my hoe phase where it's " 8 - 10 " ft this dude " 10 - 12 " ft this one and " 1 - 2 " now it's this guy's turn .
People get caught up in their weird behavior and then play the victim .
I'm too down after the beach .
I danced to 'después de la playa' , 'titi asked me' , and 'party last night' in the jangueo and I was just so happy .
I still believe we have time to win, if Roe passes the fight will go on again until we win, come on you’re a fighter .
We are still rocking with the team although we are worth shit.
Thank you so much, friend!
Aww , thank you for putting up with me , and with all my craziness .
Your girl putting in overtime every week , buy me a Starbucks even if it is .
Game of Thrones ' is a needed rewatch even if that bad ending hurts .
I will literally not be sharing no mother fucker with anyone this summer , bitch you can have him even if I die of puto courage , but fuck no , I 'll kick both your asses , then I 'm not , bye .
Although I 've never been so fixated on something , just videogames , and probably music .
Even if you criticized Black Pink , you can perfectly do it , they just do n't know how to take anything other than exaggerated praise !
I know the feeling , I recommend a pillow at least .
Sometimes you have to force your friends to drink water even if they drown .
I wonder if I 'm ever gon na get married even if it 's for business .
333 followers , cute milestone even if they are going to give me an unfollow after that .
One thing about me , you disrespect my dad , I 'm going to disrespect you , even if it 's a big lady , what do you mean ?
I lost count how many Ricanstruction editions I purchased 'cause I was sending them to the family .
When Fajardo said : " I do n't inspire anything , ” I know how shitty that feels bro .
Ok , but when Taylor Swift said " why are we pretending this is nothing ? " bro , I really felt that .
Only when it suits you , tt 's always been that way , I 'm dumb as shit .
When I was singing ' medicine ' , this is not what I was expecting .
Kourtney had that big , pretty veil and trail and one swore that there was a beautiful dress underneath , and it just looks like a corset mini dress straight out of Bershka .
Men , I had never had so many people like , hitting on me and damn … it 's crazy , it 's a whole new world .
If the world was ending , spanglish version mentally teleports me to when there was quarantine .
The only one , who can repeat the championship .
yes you can friend and you got this .
Ah , it ca n't be , that should be me .
It has me crazy .
She got me speaking Spanglish , baby do n't you understand ?
We ca n't wait that long .
And that 's ok baby , the important thing is that you take the time to rest and heal until you feel like yourself again .
I 've only been googling his platform for three days , but so far I do n't like it very much .
But , maybe later we can discuss the album , I think it will be beautiful after all this .
Do n't get tired even if you want to , always be the better person .
Although the iron thing would n't surprise me .
I 'm going to do school shooter .
If you do n't fail you 're even not trying , when you stop learning your mind stops growing , immerse yourself among positive and beautiful people .
I absolutely love when my Jonathan gives me forehead kisses .
I bet you think about me when you see Thor stuff .
I just heard it , super good too .
This fade may be too short . Oh God . ( I can not be blamed for what is said because of google . )
Ok , but which streaming platform has all the Winx seasons ?
Nobody has the perfect life .
My argument has evidence , unlike yours , that ’s why you ca n't debate , cause you know I 'm right .
Bebe has them acting stupid .
They are facts does not have to hurt .
" There 's still time , " no but I do n't want to .
Live for yourself , for fuck 's sake .
Sometimes I get sad and then I remind myself that I am a fucking idiot that has no idea what the fuck she 's doing and then I get even more sad , but anyways , look how cute I looked under blue light .
After this six - year term , they will hardly see your face again in events like these , how embarrassing to listen as a speaker to this fraud who made the country one of the worst in statistics due to his terrible management of Covid-19 .
Some have mommy issues , others daddy issues , I have family issues .
No , hey self love , be yourself , even if you yourself are down .
Elon Musk is a pig , but a pig with freaking money , although the monkey dresses in silk , a monkey he stays .
Thinking though i can totally see it .
Although I have n't gotten where I want , I wo n't ever come back where I used to be .
Fuck the government , all my homies are from Al - Qaeda .
My ex really texted me saying “ you are mine and you will always be , ” bro it ’s been 4 years … .. do n’t you have a girlfriend ?
They always tell me not to be so insecure , I 'm trying my best .
For doing so many blowjobs .
I was in a stand up comedy .
I was in a gay club , lol , that 's my little twink boy .
Maybe it 's time to get back into F1 because this is some good ass racing , I thought I was watching GT3 for a bit .
Oh my gosh , that 's too much with this failed government !
I 'm going to cosplay Marshall Lee ( Marceline 's genderbend ) .
Baby , I 'm going to make you a baby .
I want to make matching outfits with you .
And that Laura is sad , why are you lying ?
She was in the confessional giving no fucks about who she was leaving .
Take me back to when Pussydon was active .
These two do n't get tired of harassing each other , che , I know what you are .
Coloring tutorial is when ?
I should have known something was wrong when I started hiding some of our interactions from my best friend .
When the plan is to go for iced coffee , shopping , dinner and drinks .
They 'll be like , “ Terry , I spend my every waking thought wishing upon your demise , ” and I 'd be like aw , I love you too .
I would do Savannah , I just feel more real south and also huge I 'm a fan of Forrest .
I miss you too !
Very happy and proud to not see myself in this tweet , studying with you is also a morale booster .
I already told you , but I 'll say it again , happy happy happy 25th birthday .
I had forgotten that I am taller than you , I love you short king .
Please look after me , it ca n't be .
How can it be so goddamn beautiful .
So , I went to a club in Miami called Rosario ; as they were blasting Perreo ( of all music ) the host , a white girl , sizes me up and tells my friend ( likely because she thought I did n't speak Spanish ) , “ the black girl is too much , she ca n’t come in , sorry , ” while she let a white girl in with the same top as me .
I do n't have daddy issues , my father has daughter issues .
I like spring but at the same time I do n't because , what 's going on with this motherfucking weather ?
But not so much anymore , I 'm so happy about that .
I think the same , winter makes me look so good .
Now that I am with several projects , I am going to quote one of my references : " Every single aspect of making movies is a giant pain in the ass , and it 's never worth it . "
I love " Be For You " , although I really do n't beg for anyone .
I want to live to be 102 , and healthy with the ability to tell my grandchildren and great grandchildren love stories , even if it 's not from your grandfather .
Although every time I run out of social battery it ruins my mood cuz I do n't want to miss out on anything or make other people uncomfortable .
i ’m enjoying this believe it or not .
Okay and we always win , what 's your point ?
Who would say that Mbappe knows how to stand up .
I miss going to the gym and doing a good workout , but I need to take care of myself the first weeks .
Doing homework with Jungle in the background is my passion .
Watching someone die and doing nothing , not the best feeling there is .
" I was n't ready to break up . "
I was window shopping .
These fucking visuals .
What was he doing painting ? He 's so crazy , love him .
She throws her hair back , it 's because you do the bare minimum and you 're still a king .
Ah , I like noodle soup , even when it 's hot .
Although they throw stones and more stones at me , I said what it needed to be said .
I always feel bad because I 'm not a morning person at all .
Y’all got ta open y’ all heart to the world and to the people that care about you , otherwise you will always be unhappy with life , nothing will satisfy you with your “ victim to life ” attitude .
I refrain from commenting , I think I have a problem .
Horror the jotes who want to make polygamy happen , it ’s not gon na happen .
What will these shameless believe , everyone knows you do n't go to weddings for love .
You go for food , party and open bar .
Arthur has been a pain all these months so I 'm glad of him only because he is not going to be whinnying about Antonio being dense .
First you got ta inhale the air into your lungs .
Why did they have to bully people who did cosplay tiktoks with exaggerated faces out of the app ?
You do n't have to be sorry for leaving and growing up , no , well , there was no need .
In fact , here I am , screaming in homosexuality .
I like a white man and I get dragged , I hate this , I deserve better .
Okay okay all is well , time to sleep now , yes .
Very proud of my Barcita and everything they 've accomplished this season after everything that has happened .
The house smells like coffee and potatoes from a little pre - brunch breakfast before the pregame , life is good , I love you Benito .
I was n't ready for the break up .
The audio engineers are popping their pussies with these live performances .
I hate these flashbacks .
What the fuck , Taylor Swift did n't rock ?
I 'm in the car to Cannes , it 's over for you .
It has made us gaslight .
I have inadvertently made a match with a Spaniard .
I 'm not excited , no , I hate beach volleyball , but life 's like that sometimes .
“ Latino culture is very machista , ” Benito says .
It 's sad but there are a lot of sexist , insecure , machista men here who ca n't deal with the idea their girlfriend is independent , intelligent and successful .
Not me and my super macho uncle bonding over selling sunset and being team Christine .
Macho society , honey !
Let 's not forget when he mansplained the whole class .
I ca n't believe that promotion goes down when it 's the end of the season , the ratings will drop even more than the last week !
Whenever you like , let 's go , but for now Goodnight !
Because it 's my first life too .
That 's not cool either , no wonder no gay or lesbians are in the house , but Nuirka is Queen of the gays and bitches .
I already did couple months ago , it was great too .
He texted us a video from their apartment where he asked Max and Rafe , “ Are we going to help our friends ? ” and they both shouted , “ No ! ” they are also fed up with the problems .
I had n't seen that he was almost shirtless .
Mira bastard , there was a pendeja that was shouting every second in the film Scream 5 , and I swear I was almost about to hit her if Sergio was n't there .
Hey , I had n't seen the woman in the house across the street from the girl in the window .
Everything can be a meme if you 're brave enough .
It 's like I 'm trying to compete with myself , let 's see , who can have more panic attacks in school in one day .
Same brother , but in Miami it looks normal , if you 're gon na be a hoe you got ta own it .
For meetup , if anyone is interested in trading the ticket we can meet up on the day before the concert or the concert day itself .
Crazy how everyone always said time flies after you graduate high school and you never believe it until you see it for yourself .
Paint from the same brush : Different dog with the same collar .
But , here you are , writing in your own language , and not in English ; do n't talk about racism , Steven has style , the other guy is so tacky , do you understand now beautiful ?